WHAT DO YOU THINK
STEVE HARVEY'S WIFE WOULD SAY IS
THE BEST THING ABOUT HIM?
WILLOW JOY: I KNOW THIS IS A
PG SHOW.
ANGIE: UH-OH.
[AUDIENCE MURMURING]
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
GIVE IT TO HIM. GIVE IT TO HIM.
WILLOW JOY: BUT I'M GONNA SAY
YOU PROBABLY LAY THAT THING DOWN
IN THE BED.
ANGIE: OHH!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
LAKEISHA: GOOD ANSWER! GOOD
ANSWER! GOOD ANSWER! GOOD--
OH, SHOW ME NOW. SHOW ME NOW.
GOOD ANSWER. GOOD ANSWER!
STEVE: THAT'S--THAT'S NOT...
[LAUGHTER]
WILLOW JOY: IT'S NOT UP THERE,
THOUGH, IS IT?
STEVE: THAT AIN'T GONNA BE UP--
WILLOW JOY: I MEAN, NOT--NOT
YET. COME ON. GO--GO AHEAD.
LOOK UP THERE AND SEE IF IT'S UP
THERE. SEE IF IT'S UP THERE.
STEVE: IT AIN'T UP THERE.
[LAUGHTER]
WILLOW JOY: OH, BUT I KNOW IT'S
TRUE, THOUGH. HA HA! IT AIN'T
GOT TO BE UP THERE ON THAT
BOARD. HA HA HA!
[LAUGHTER AND CHEERING]
♪ WELL, WELL ♪
OHH!
[LAUGHTER]
EVAN: I'M SO EXCITED TO BE HERE
THAT I'VE GOT A TYRANNOSAURUS
REX BURSTING TO COME FORTH
OUT OF ME.
STEVE: YOU HAVE A WHAT?
ALLISON: T. REX.
EVAN: A TYRANNOSAURUS REX,
STEVE.
CAN I SHOW YOU?
STEVE: WHAT?
ALLISON: YES. HE DOES--
YES. T. REX.
>> DO IT!
EVAN: YOU GUYS WANT TO SEE THIS?
AUDIENCE: YEAH! [APPLAUSE]
[LAUGHTER]
[EVAN ROARING]
[LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE]
[MAN ROARING]
[BOTH ROARING]
[LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE]
STEVE: THIS A GAME SHOW.
[LAUGHTER]
HOW THE HELL DID RUBIN GET OUT
HERE?
[LAUGHTER]
KATHRYN...
KATHRYN: YES.
STEVE: TALKED TO 100 WOMEN. NAME
SOMETHING YOU HAVE ENOUGH OF TO
LAST YOU A LIFETIME.
KATHRYN: CLOTHES.
STEVE: THAT'S A GOOD ONE. WHOO!
KATHRYN: WHOO!
STEVE: YOU LIKE THAT ONE?
KATHRYN: I WISH I HAD MORE
CLOTHES, BUT THIS IS A GOOD
ANSWER.
STEVE: THAT'S A GREAT ANSWER.
KATHRYN: YES.
STEVE: LIKE FEELING CONFIDENT
ABOUT IT?
KATHRYN: I THINK I'M RIGHT THIS
TIME, STEVE.
STEVE: MATTER OF FACT, I BET YOU
RIGHT.
KATHRYN: I LIKE THAT ATTITUDE,
STEVE.
STEVE: THAT'S THE ATTITUDE YOU
HAVE, BECAUSE YOU SAID IT WITH
SUCH ASSERT--
KATHRYN: CONFIDENCE.
STEVE: YEAH. SAY IT AGAIN.
KATHRYN: I'M GONNA GO WITH
CLOTHES, STEVE.
STEVE: YEAH!
KATHRYN: YEAH!
STEVE: YOU THROW YOUR HAIR BACK.
KATHRYN: WHOO!
STEVE: HAW HAW HAW HAW!
STEVE: LET ME ASK YOU SOMETHING.
HOW GOOD DO YOU THINK THAT
ANSWER IS?
KATHRYN: BETTER THAN MY LAST
FEW ANSWERS, STEVE.
STEVE: YOU BETTER KNOW IT.
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
STEVE: [INDISTINCT]
THAT ANSWER IS SO GOOD--YOU WANT
ME TO TELL YOU HOW GOOD THAT
ANSWER IS.
KATHRYN: YEAH.
STEVE: LOOK RIGHT THERE.
KATHRYN: ALL RIGHT.
OH, MY GOD!
AAH!
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
POINT VALUES DOUBLE. TOP 6
ANSWERS ON THE BOARD. HERE WE
FILL IN THE BLANK.
NEVER EVER HAVE I WHAT?
ZAC: SLEPT WITH...AN ELEPHANT.
[LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE]
HEY, GOOD ANSWER.
WILL: WELL...
THAT'S ALL I GOT.
STEVE: YEAH. IT AIN'T UP THERE,
BUT I BET THAT'S TRUE, THOUGH.
ZAC: YEAH.
STEVE: SLEPT WITH AN ELEPHANT.
AUDIENCE: OHH...
PJ: WE GOT THIS. WE GOT THIS. WE
GOT THIS.
STEVE: PJ?
PJ: YES, SIR.
STEVE: I THINK MAYBE IF I TRY
NOT LOOKING AT YOU.
SHAMAIAH: YOU GOT THIS, BABY.
STEVE: MAYBE YOU'LL GET ONE.
NAME A PLACE, PJ, THAT OLDER
WOMEN GO TO FIND YOUNG MEN.
PJ: I'M GOING TO SAY THE
HOSPITAL.
STEVE: WHAT? WHAT?
PJ: HOSPITAL. THEY GOT DOCTORS.
THEY GOT YOUNG MEN AT THE
HOSPITAL.
I USED TO WORK AT THE HOSPITAL,
I'M YOUNG.
IT'S UP THERE, STEVE. IT'S UP--
IT'S GOT TO BE UP THERE, STEVE.
STEVE: DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE
OBJECT OF THIS GAME?
PJ: YES, SIR. YES, I DO.
STEVE: YOU--YOU--YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO TRY TO GUESS WHAT'S UP THERE.
PJ: YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT.
STEVE: STOP SAYING WHAT THE
HELL, AIN'T NO WAY IN HELL GONNA
BE UP THERE. THERE AIN'T NO WAY
IN HELL. NOBODY GO TO A HOSPITAL
TO FIND NO DAMN BODY.
DO I HAVE TO SAY IT? JUST GIVE
HIS ASS THE "X." GIVE
HIM--JUST GIVE HIM THE "X"
AND THEN I'LL SAY IT.
[BUZZER]
HOSPITAL.
[LAUGHTER]
HOSPITAL!
[BUZZER]
[LAUGHTER]
I GOT IT--RIGHT HERE, JUST
RIGHT. HOSPITAL.
[BUZZER]
NAME A WAY A WOMAN KNOWS HER
DATE'S GOING IN FOR A KISS.
KRIS: WELL, STEVE, I'LL SAY WHEN
HE ADJUSTS HIS POSITION TO HER.
STEVE: I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT.
KRIS: YOU KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING
ABOUT.
STEVE: SHE DON'T. THE--HA HA!
KRIS: YOU KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING
ABOUT.
STEVE: I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
TALKING ABOUT, BUT THE JUDGE'S
GONNA WANT YOU TO BE A LITTLE
BIT MORE SPECIFIC WHAT YOU MEAN
BY THAT.
KRIS: UH, WELL, WHEN HE GETS IN
KISSING POSITION. HA HA!
DAPHNE: THAT'S RIGHT. GOOD
ANSWER.
KRIS: YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT.
CAN I SHOW YOU?
STEVE: YEAH.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
[APPLAUSE]
STEVE: DANNI, NAME SOMETHING YOU
LEAVE ON DURING SEX SO YOU DON'T
GET BORED.
DANNI: STEVE, I'M GONNA HAVE TO
GO WITH THE CEILING FAN, SO YOU
DON'T GET HOT.
AVERY RAY: GOOD ANSWER.
DREW: GOOD ANSWER.
ANDREW: ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT,
ALL RIGHT.
[STEVE MOUTHS "CEILING FAN"]
DREW: OH, YEAH. OH, YEAH.
DANNI: SO MY MAN WON'T GET HOT.
HE SWEAT A LOT, STEVE. HE SWEATS
A WHOLE LOT.
STEVE: OH, OK.
DANNI: A WHOLE LOT.
AVERY RAY: HA HA!
STEVE: YEAH.
AVERY RAY: EWW.
STEVE: YEAH, BUT WHAT--WELL, I'M
TRYING TO FIGURE OUT WHAT'S
GOING ON WITH THAT CEILING FAN.
[LAUGHTER]
AIN'T NOBODY SWINGIN' ON IT,
IS THERE?
[LAUGHTER]
"I'M COMIN' ROUND AGAIN!"
DREW: YOU NEVER KNOW.
STEVE: "I'M COMIN' ROUND AGAIN!
I'M GONNA DROP ON YOU!
HERE I COME!
[GRUNTS]"
DREW: FOR SURE.
STEVE: COME ON, DREW.
DREW: UH-HUH.
STEVE: DOIN' THAT CLOWNIN'!
DREW: HA HA HA!
STEVE: CEILING FAN!
[AUDIENCE GROANS]
EZEKIEL: GIVE IT TO US.
STEVE: ALL RIGHT.
NICOLE: BRING IT.
STEVE: TOP 7 ANSWERS ON THE
BOARD. WE ASKED 100 MARRIED
WOMEN, NAME ONE WORD YOU'D USE
TO DESCRIBE STEVE HARVEY YOU
WOULDN'T USE TO DESCRIBE YOUR
MAN.
NICOLE: SEXY.
STEVE: I'M SORRY.
[LAUGHTER]
NICOLE: YOU'RE SEXY. HE'S SEXY,
TOO, THOUGH. HE'S SEXY. HE IS.
BUT IT'S FOR THE GAME.
FOR THE GAME.
[LAUGHTER]
STEVE: SEXY.
ALL RIGHT, LET'S GO. WE GOT THE
TOP 5 ANSWERS ON THE BOARD.
WE ASKED 100 MARRIED WOMEN,
NAME SOMETHING YOU'D DO IF YOUR
HUSBAND MADE RESERVATIONS FOR
THE TWO OF YOU ON A SWINGERS'
CRUISE.
ERICA: INVITE MY BEST FRIEND.
CAROL: OH, WOW!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
CAROL: WOW! WOW!
GARY, HUH? I TOLD YOU I COULDN'T
GO! HA HA HA HA!
ERICA: YOU HEAR THAT?
STEVE: SHE--SHE SAID,
"I'M SORRY, BUT I TOLD YOU
I COULDN'T GO."
HA HA HA!
INVITE MY BEST FRIEND!
[AUDIENCE GROANS]
HEY, MARQUIS, WHAT'S GOING ON
WITH YOU, MAN?
MARQUIS: I'M WELL, UNCLE STEVE.
I SEE THAT GRAY WAS THE COLOR
FOR THE DAY.
STEVE: OH, YEAH. I DIDN'T--
YEAH.
MARQUIS: YEAH. UNCLE STEVE,
CAN I ASK A REQUEST?
MY GIRLFRIEND'S HERE AND HER
BUCKET LIST IS TO MEET YOU.
CAN SHE COME UP HERE AND MEET
YOU, PLEASE?
STEVE: WHERE YOUR GIRLFRIEND AT?
MARQUIS: RIGHT THERE.
STEVE: YEAH, COME ON UP HERE.
MARQUIS: THANK YOU, UNCLE STEVE.
[APPLAUSE]
STEVE: THAT'S ON HER BUCKET
LIST?
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
WELL, HOW YOU DOIN'?
WOMAN: I'M DOING FINE.
STEVE: THIS YOUR BUCKET LIST?
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
WOMAN: EDESIA.
STEVE: EDESIA?
EDESIA: YES.
STEVE: OK. MARQUIS.
WELL, BABE, UM,
WE'VE BEEN DATING FOR 2 1/2
YEARS. I LOVE YOU. YOU HAVE
CHALLENGED ME TO GROW. AND SO I
CHALLENGE YOU...
TO BECOME...MY WIFE.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
EDESIA: YES!
MARQUIS: NOW I'M READY, UNCLE
STEVE.
STEVE: CONGRATULATIONS.
THEY GETTIN' MARRIED!
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]